## Question 1

### Merge:

   In git, merge is for retrieving the changes made in one branch and applying it onto another branch (or even main).
   For example, there is a Homework project, that:
   - Both programmer A and B cloned using ```git clone URL```
   - Programmer A made some changes to fileA.c 's functionA() function, used ```git add .``` and ```git commit``` and ```git push``` to the repo, after making a new branch using ```git checkout newBranch```.
   - Now newBranch has some change
   - Programmer B did the same thing but on main branch, and made some change to some other places (so no conflict)
   - To apply the change programmer A did, they did ```git merge main``` and merged the newBranch branch back to main.
   - B can use ```git pull``` to retrieve the newest change locally

### Fast forward merge:

   It is essentially the same as merge but only used when ```git base``` was used at all. This applies change from one branch back to another (or even main).
   But it is different from using just merge, in that this reapplying will not be shown in history, but rather looked like the fast forwarded branch made those changes itself.

## Merge Conflict:
   merge conflict happens when we try to merge changes in two branches but these changes conflict with each other
   for example, two programmers changes the line of import to two different version
   in this case, when one of them uses ```git merge someOtherBranch```, git will prompt that there is conflict
   To resolve the conflict, we need to either use a merge-tool or figure out the difference between two versions of the same file, and decide which to keep or how to merge manually

## Reference:
*Chacon, S., & Straub , B. (2014). Pro Git book. Git --distributed-is-the-new-centralized. https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2*

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Question 2

**This program will execute and print out the following lines:**

```
The value of x is 3
The value of x now is 2
The value of x finally is 6
```

**Code:**
```
int main()
{
   int x;

   x = 2;
   {
      int x;
      x = 3;
      printf("The value of x is %d\n",x);
   }
   printf("The value of x now is %d\n",x);

   x = x++ + ++x;

   printf("The value of x finally is %d\n",x);
}
```
**Line 1** initialized the main() function, and inside the main function

**Line 3** initialized an integer x without giving it any value, then **Line 5** we assign integer 2 to its value

**Line 6** and **Line 10** started an inner scope and included:
- initialized an(other) integer variable x in Line 7
- assigned value 3 to this variable x
- and print information to indicate the value of variable x within this scope
- Then we print out the first message to display the value of x within this inner scope:
```The value of x is 3```

**Line 11** brings us back to the main function scope in which we will print out the the value of variable x within the outer scope:
```The value of x now is 2```since in Line 3 we have assigned a value to this variable

**Line 13** Line 13 was executing the calculation between two variables x. The process of assigning value to a variable has a certain order; so in the `x++`  the x variable here was assigned as 2 first, and go through increment, but in the calculation the whole thing evaluates to 2

Then within `++x`, this operation is pre-increment so that this variable is incremented by 1 to its value and will become 4 after this operation. So, in the calculation, this part evaluates to 4 in the end.

Overall, the calculation becomes `x = 2 + 4` which assigns 6 to x.

**Line 15** printed out the information on the final results of the operation and the addition:
```The value of x finally is 6```