# Concept Questions

### 1. Briefly explain how the push and pop functions in the given implementation work.

In the given implementation, as the stack uses deque as underlying structure, push() function actually adds new data to the node at the tail of deque, and pop() function returns the node at the tail of deque.

### 2. There are more than one ways of implementing the stack functions using a deque. Describe at least one other way these functions could have been implemented using the same deque implementation. Is one way "better" than the other? Which one and why? Make sure your answer clearly defines what you mean by "better".

Besides the existing implementation, we can change where the new data are added into, as well as from where we pop the "top-most" item. For example, instead of using `add_back()` and `remove_back()` we can use `add_front()` and `remove_front()` to achieve the same thing. They are largely equivalent but, in my opinion, because in deque we are tracking its head and tail separately, and other functions might use them differently, so using the front is more intuitive and less prone to error. Additionally, because `remove_back()` involves finding the node before the actual tail (which is null), using `pop()` that pops from the tail will incur one extra operation of skipping over the tail everytime we call it. Adding/removing from the head/front is simpler in this case.


### 3. Describe in 2-3 sentences each, at least two applications of the stack data structure. You must describe the specific application, and how exactly a stack is relevant to that application. The applications can be specific algorithms, specific techniques to achieve a result, etc. Keep in mind that we are looking for applications of the stack as a data structure, not real-world stacks (e.g. claiming that dinner plates at weddings is an application of stacks is not a valid answer).

- Using a stack structure to record and undo every single edit a user makes in text editor or IDE. The newest edit will be added to the stack (last-in) and undo will undo the newest edit (first out).
- In depth-first search algorithms, we use a stack to keep track of visited nodes. For example, when going along one tree branch in DFS, we add each new node to the stack. When we reach the maximum depth possible, we pop each node from stack to backtrack. This is also last-in, first-out.

